README.md, before:

### Update 03/08/2016
I'm working on making leonids a [jekyll theme](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/) so that people can easily install the theme without having to fork or download anything from here. Actually the first gem version is published, you can install it by following the official [doc](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/). You can find the rubygem version [here](https://rubygems.org/gems/leonids). But it will be on beta until I can finish the doc of how you can install leonids with the rubygem version.

### Update 05/06/2016

Important! It's better to download the gzipped files instead of forking the repo. I would really appreciate if you could give me a star. 😁

This project is under MIT license, so feel free to make it your own.

# Leonids Jekyll Themes

**[Leonids](http://renyuanz.github.io/leonids)** is a clean Jekyll theme perfect for powering your GitHub hosted blog.

## What is Leonids?

* Responsive templates. Looking good on mobile, tablet, and desktop.
* Simple and clear permalink structure.
* Support for Disqus Comments.
* Support for multi-authors.
* **And** the Leonids (/ˈliːənɪdz/ lee-ə-nidz) are a prolific meteor shower associated with the comet [Tempel-Tuttle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/55P/Tempel%E2%80%93Tuttle).

See a [demo](http://renyuanz.github.io/leonids/) hosted on GitHub.

## Quick setup

`git clone https://github.com/renyuanz/leonids`

`cd leonids`

`jekyll server`

Check out your awesome blog at `http://localhost:4000` and Cheers!

## TODO

- [ ] Build a timeline page.
- [ ] Build a portfolio page.
- [ ] Redesign categories page. Ref: [dribbble: blog category section By Ilja Miskov](https://dribbble.com/shots/2274792-Blog-Category-Selection)
- [ ] Multi languages support.

Commit message:

moved title configuration to minima variables to ease plugin installation

README.md, after:

### Update 03/08/2016
I'm working on making leonids a [jekyll theme](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/) so that people can easily install the theme without having to fork or download anything from here. Actually the first gem version is published, you can install it by following the official [doc](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/). You can find the rubygem version [here](https://rubygems.org/gems/leonids). But it will be on beta until I can finish the doc of how you can install leonids with the rubygem version.

### Update 05/06/2016

Important! It's better to download the gzipped files instead of forking the repo. I would really appreciate if you could give me a star. 😁

This project is under MIT license, so feel free to make it your own.

# Leonids Jekyll Themes

**[Leonids](http://renyuanz.github.io/leonids)** is a clean Jekyll theme perfect for powering your GitHub hosted blog.

## What is Leonids?

* Responsive templates. Looking good on mobile, tablet, and desktop.
* Simple and clear permalink structure.
* Support for Disqus Comments.
* Support for multi-authors.
* **And** the Leonids (/ˈliːənɪdz/ lee-ə-nidz) are a prolific meteor shower associated with the comet [Tempel-Tuttle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/55P/Tempel%E2%80%93Tuttle).

See a [demo](http://renyuanz.github.io/leonids/) hosted on GitHub.

## Quick setup

    git clone https://github.com/renyuanz/leonids
    cd leonids
    jekyll server

Check out your awesome blog at `http://localhost:4000` and Cheers!

## Configure Sidebar

You can configure the sidebar with `_config.yml`:

    title: 
    tagline: An awesome website
    description: This is a slightly longer description about how cool your site is.
    avatar: logo.png

## TODO

- [ ] Build a timeline page.
- [ ] Build a portfolio page.
- [ ] Redesign categories page. Ref: [dribbble: blog category section By Ilja Miskov](https://dribbble.com/shots/2274792-Blog-Category-Selection)
- [ ] Multi languages support.
